feat: address hardcoding (#55665)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-introductory-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/66643c93e05093c728abdbe9.md

Declare a function named `addTwoNumbers`. This function should take two arguments and return the sum of those two arguments.

Your function should not use hard-coded values. An example of a hard-coded function might be:

```js
function myFunc(arg1, arg2) {
  return "Hello";
}
```

> This function would return `"Hello"` regardless of the value passed to `arg`, so `"Hello"` is consered hard-coded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function would return `"Hello"` regardless of the value passed to `arg1`, or `arg2`, so `"Hello"` is considered hard-coded.
```

Declare a function named `addTwoNumbers`. This function should take two arguments and return the sum of those two arguments.

Your function should not use hard-coded values. An example of a hard-coded function might be:

```js
function sayName(firstName, lastName) {

>   return "John Doe"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  return "John Doe";
```

Sorry, that is my bad. Let's not skip semicolons in our example code.
